---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "utils_service_project Resource - utils"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A service manager service.
---

# utils_service_project (Resource)

A service manager service.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_config` (Attributes) The project configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--project_config))
- `tag` (String) The tag to apply to the project.
- `tenancy_unit` (String) The tenancy unit the project belongs to.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the project.
- `status` (String) Status: Status of tenant resource.

Possible values:
  "STATUS_UNSPECIFIED" - Unspecified status is the default unset value.
  "PENDING_CREATE" - Creation of the tenant resource is ongoing.
  "ACTIVE" - Active resource.
  "PENDING_DELETE" - Deletion of the resource is ongoing.
  "FAILED" - Tenant resource creation or deletion has failed.
  "DELETED" - Tenant resource has been deleted.

<a id="nestedatt--project_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project_config`

Required:

- `billing_config` (Attributes) Billing account properties. The billing account must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--project_config--billing_config))
- `folder` (String) Folder where project in this tenancy unit must be located This folder must have been previously created with the required permissions for the caller to create and configure a project in it. Valid folder resource names have the format folders/{folder_number} (for example, folders/123456).
- `service_account_config` (Attributes) Configuration for the IAM service account on the tenant project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--project_config--service_account_config))
- `tenant_project_policy` (Attributes) Describes ownership and policies for the new tenant project. Required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--project_config--tenant_project_policy))

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to the project.
- `services` (List of String) Google Cloud API names of services that are activated on this project during provisioning. If any of these services can't be activated, the request fails. For example: 'compute.googleapis.com','cloudfunctions.googleapis.com'

<a id="nestedatt--project_config--billing_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project_config.billing_config`

Required:

- `billing_account` (String) Name of the billing account. For example billingAccounts/012345-567890-ABCDEF.


<a id="nestedatt--project_config--service_account_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project_config.service_account_config`

Required:

- `account_id` (String) ID of the IAM service account to be created in tenant project. The email format of the service account is "@.iam.gserviceaccount.com". This account ID must be unique within tenant project and service producers have to guarantee it. The ID must be 6-30 characters long, and match the following regular expression: [a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9]).
- `tenant_project_roles` (List of String) Roles for the associated service account for the tenant project.


<a id="nestedatt--project_config--tenant_project_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project_config.tenant_project_policy`

Required:

- `policy_bindings` (Attributes List) Policy bindings to be applied to the tenant project, in addition to the 'roles/owner' role granted to the Service Consumer Management service account. At least one binding must have the role roles/owner. Among the list of members for roles/owner, at least one of them must be either the user or group type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--project_config--tenant_project_policy--policy_bindings))

<a id="nestedatt--project_config--tenant_project_policy--policy_bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project_config.tenant_project_policy.policy_bindings`

Required:

- `members` (List of String) The members to add to the role.
- `role` (String) The role to which members will be added.
